Brother Ye lost his memory and did not forget to protect his plain cotton-padded clothes
If I get my memory back, I'll pay it back
No way.
I must reduce the chance of their contact
Never let Brother Ye restore his memory
Brother Ye
The doctor said that the child should have more contact with the father
This will stabilize the fetal gas
You look at the face of having children
Don't refuse me, okay?
In the next life, it will be handed over to my wife
Your Highness, if you give him the shrimp, you will die
Sorry for the shaking.
Leave me alone and keep eating
Hey thanks
Madam, I remember you hated shrimp the most
Mustard you like
More
Ah, what's wrong with me?
Did I even remember this wrong at 11? Oops.
No, I love it.